Hello again.
So no will cover do stars.
Dennis in the preview we work with the press.
That's me in a debate of the brain or the virtual machine.
That's me a resource of the Dushan machine that's used you and rant.
No we're going to do stuff not depress me.
Abdula bit of the body of the virtual machine.
That's me.
Our stodge Wii motion.
So before we start the example of the stutterers lets me create some virtual machine some empty vision
machine because the stars the rest will make our stars remission of those virtual machine and that will
take a lot of time.
As I told you I want to wait an hour until the process is complete.
So for those I would create some empty virtual machine that will let me do the storage motion as quickly
as possible.
So for that I would create a new that your machine
your virtual machine next then the virtual machine and from that that wasn't a miracle let's call it
for example when seven
dots next then we still do E6 I number but one next.
Then we chose to put it into shape it's Trosch because it is a.
We need to share it's trust and not to look at the past.
So for example it puts them in London but what I Windows XP
like thoughts next.
And of course you see the direct route if you want to add some more but it's still not in public.
So her next and finished before that let's give it a 10 revision
then provision like that's OK next.
And finish.
Then we add another virtual machine.
Next then when 7 03 like that next in the class or in D6 I won next day and we chose the one next and
then next give it to Windows 7 for Gates and give it.
If you want Windows XP
like that.
Next then into hardware let's try to give it to hardware to tried other option.
So because in your hard disk of the first one we took you to Z gobshites storage.
We did enjoy these capacities because of high order and Sagan Dujuan
then probably provision next and finish.
So now we have virtual machine that's bolted on to work as our real environment.
Then the second one is on.
No we have two virtual machine powered on that exist in the lot.
Number one.
So if we check law number one and shake it a virtual machine we have different machines and we have
the Windows 7.
Number two and Windows 7.
Number three.
So use those tools in our environment.
Of course we need to create our data store clusters.
So for that we click into the data center we have we got to storage and we have new data cluster.
Of course we can't do it from displays or even from this place to me like that.
We've got storage and we have a new data center cluster.
So let's skip it.
We do name that astore cluster to know that this is about to start.
The cluster is about to host and this one for the class that we do our own storage DNS because we want
active distorters next.
Then the same as we did in do class start different option.
When we enable the cluster.
So we have not automation that's mean we'll be manually.
It will give you an indication to make some start as motion and you need to accept it to do it.
Then we have fully automated and the same odds as the preview of the cluster.
The rest of the cluster we have the space balance.
Me if you want to override the rule about to balance parliament the input output you want to do it automatically
or manually then to rule on foetid automation for the rule if we in rule should be used to cluster seating
or fully automated all manually then Polisi the VM invocation etc..
So the same sitting as in do DNS.
Then we click Next also had to chose the input output metric like what we did in memory and spew unit
enabled input output metric for the start.
That's mean instead of size.
Also track the input output into stars then just be Sci-Fi's decision space.
For example in ad it's important you need to take action then minimal freespace you reserve some minimal
space for every shift it's trash.
That means every shedded straws should have at least 15 gigabytes of free space.
If any machine store will consume more space from this shaded storage and we have less than 15 gigabytes
or so then the start address will take action and migrate do virtual machine from this shaded storage
to another one and so on and so on.
So next here we need to do a cluster that's mean different.
That will be included in this dress Stosh.
Of course we are standalone hosts and the cluster.
We only have clusters Now if we click next and you need to get only do shared storage between the different
and tossed you see to show that Astar connected to our host.
This is the difference.
Shedid stores or the store that's connected to different host in this cluster cluster that we have we
have a 6 1 and 2 and 3 connected to do Love number one and number two if we chose to show that our store
connected to same hosts.
Mean only some see this.
So you see the look at the start of the whole number want to look at that sort of the host number two
and do look at the passport of E-6 I number three of course this one does not want to work for you in
the press in the store at the rest because its need our shared storage to track all the host did show
all of them.
You can check the art of them.
So in my situation we need to use that are still connected to the host.
We select line 1 and 2 because using only one.
Its not going to work for the storage there is need at least two shared storage unit to select both
of them or maybe three four five etc..
The minimum is to shedded trash so we click next.
Here is a quick overview about it then finish and the stars press will be enabled in this data center
by 10.